# What is this for?

This folder should be used to store configuration files used by Kedro or by separate tools.
# Local configuration
## Credentials
The `local` folder should be used for configuration that is either user-specific (e.g. IDE configuration) or protected (e.g. security keys).

we also have `credentials.yml` where we store credentials of database or AWS or any other secured services.

* These files are present in conf/local.
* As from the name, these are local to a project and are not pushed to git.
* But we made changes to .gitignore for pushing these files too for safe running of the pipeline.
* Below file stores all the credentials required for pipeline.
```
conf/local/credentials.yml
```
> *Note:* Please do not check in any local configuration to version control.

# Base configuration

The `base` folder is for shared configuration, such as non-sensitive and project-related configuration that may be shared across team members.

WARNING: Please do not put access credentials in the base configuration folder.

## Instructions
### parameters
* `base/parameters/data_processing.yml` is generated automatically when you create a new pipeline using:
```
kedro new
```
* When generated it is an empty file, and we store all the parameters required only for our pipeline `data_processing`
into this. 
* We also have a separate `base/parameters.yml` file which can be used by all the pipelines we create.

### Catalog
* `catalog.yml` file stores all the necessary information to configure how the pipeline 'data_processing' should work.
* It contains all the basic information for reading the input files in a specific format and type and also how to save the output generated by pipeline.

### Logging
* `logging.yml' stores all the information to configure the logging in pipeline.
* All the logs are stored in `/logs` folder.
